begins the most tasty festival of
beautiful horizon that this year
brings city-inspired recipes
minerals ingredients with the face of
homemade sausages that abu
rice akon rice and of course the
cheese all prepared in a way well
especially the former waiter who became chief
of kitchen and owner of clay the inspiration
to assemble the recipe came from he tip
still lived in the small town of
oratories if you took everything you had
in the evening they mounted the clique
take the fire
I called generated crooked ie
on the Sunday before even the beginning
Some of the
lucky to taste this tasty blend
surprise call of oratories
I found a very good mix of cheese
sausage I have to me and that is
the rice all wet with this okra
and this line was perfect combination
practice calling on your foot out
It is so good and otávio and looks that this is
just one of the dishes botecar in all 55
bars participate in the competition each
As a recipe, this year's challenge was
create a taste strip inspired by the
mining cities and 45 municipalities
It is good to be represented here in the
bar tables
in addition to a website and leaflets
information from the festival is
available
so choose one or more
options and experiment
then just evaluate the taste the
and put the vote in one of the
urns scattered over bh
we look for the best the ceiling of bh and
really they are scattered in all
regional festival prices range from
1590 29 90
starts on Wednesday and runs until 9
May through the cvg side of a lot of august
right the rest is just the formation of the chat
neither batman mine 51 kills by carioca
The list with 55 neighborhood that
participate in the car park
on site botecar ponto com.br
come there